Cralis
domhenry
broberts542129
flsm
chris k
ozuser
WR269
ausflightsimmer
ausfly
Aussieboy
GunSlingerAUS
AussieBjw
AussieBob63
The Australian Aviator
robroyaus
HOmer-Australian
Aus Scenery Design
CoJetChamp
AirWombat





I apologise for the unsolicited private message but I'm an Australian XPlaner looking for other Australian XPlaners to join an online community.

If you do NOT use the DISCORD online chatting program then you can stop reading. I apologise for interrupting your day and wish you happy days flying XPlane.  :)

If you DO use DISCORD, or are open to using DISCORD then I invite you to help me start the Australian XPlane Discord community - on Discord!

https://discord.gg/ayeempJ3BS

I've sent this invite to about 10 forum members that have indicated they are Australian in their profile or have posted a strong interest in Australian scenery. I apologise if you are not Australian but having an interest or just flying around Australia makes you equally welcome to join.  :)

I'm hoping the community can grow over time and become a place for Aussie Xplaner's to hangout and join our passion for XPlane with the country we love. Benefits:

    Discover, create and share Virtual Airlines that are Australian based
    Share or create scenery for regional and coastal Australia
    Help each other find (or decipher!) flight plans or charts
    Exchange great screenshots of iconic Australia
    VATSIM/VATPAC together
    Chew that fat and just make suggestions about where to fly!
    Support and guide those trying to VFR their way around Australia

It will be a community where we can have fun with and help each other. You can google DISCORD if you're not sure what it is. It has a computer installation, a mobile phone version and a web page version that requires no installation at all. It can be used for text chatting or voice chatting but most people use it for text chatting. It is an entirely free service that has been around for years.

The forum limits messages to three people at a time so be sure that I've invited about a dozen people. I don't know if it will be popular. I hope it is. I think it would be great to have fun with others that collectively know this country back to front.

Click the link above. No obligation. You can cancel any time.  :) Thanks for reading to the end.

~TOGFox aka Fox.
